jared polin froknowsphoto.com
and this is a my ops and I want to give
one away to you guys now you may
remember that I back this on Kickstarter
and it finally came in the mail a couple
months ago and I'm really happy to get
to use it now why did I pick it up
because it's gonna make me more creative
it is a high speed trigger that has the
ability to be triggered from lasers from
sound from lightning there's so many
other functions that it has over here
but I've also left a link below so you
can check out all of the functions that
it has but I want to give one away to
one of you guys now this is open to
anybody in the world and this is what
you have to do go take a look at my
opposite site using the link down below
to find out what feature it is that you
want to try or you want to utilize the
most and leave and comment on Facebook
under this post if you're not on
Facebook click the link down below it
will take you over to the post so that
you can leave a comment what I want to
see is what is your favorite feature or
your top three features and how would
you use that in the real world in a
scenario to get a photo and what I'm
gonna do is pick one person scenario to
go get one of these basically I am gonna
send you one of these for free you're
gonna go and try to capture that
scenario that you laid out in the
comments and when you're done doing that
I will feature it on froknowsphoto and
the Facebook page and Link it back to
you so that you get the promotion of
hopefully capturing an awesome result
with one of these my OPS's so again go
take a look at their website leave the
comment down there on Facebook with how
you would use this and then I will pick
somebody to get one of these for free
and also if you want to pick one of
these up and not win one there is a
discount code that's up on the screen
right now that my Ops has given me so
that you guys can save 30 bucks on
picking one of these up and the contest
is going to run for right about a week
but go ahead check out their website
right now what feature is your favorite
and then how would you use this in the
real world and maybe I will pick you to
get one of these for free and that is it
jared polin froknowsphoto.com see ya